A lot of the code is repurposed from Friedrich Hudinjan's [Infer Integration plugin for IntelliJ.](https://github.com/Carbon459/intellij-infer)

## Code Overview

# Actions
Inherits IntelliJ's AnAction class. Does various actions to the IDE and can be called manually or through a run configuration.

## OpenFixesWindowAction.java
Opens the "Infer Bugs List" panel on the IDE. Called after parsing Infer.

## ParseByBugTypeAction.java
Parses the infer-out/ folder for bugs and patches. Sorts bugs by bug type.

## ParseByFileAction.java
The Default action to be run after a Hippodrome scan. Parses the infer-out/ folder for bugs and patches. Sorts bugs by file location.


# Config
Inherits IntelliJ's Configurable class. Makes a configuration option to be run in IntelliJ.

# Model

## BugTrace.java
Stores the location of a bug. Stored in InferBug.java.

## InferBug.java
Stores info of a bug detected by Infer.

## InferBugFix.java
Stores info for bug fixes of a bug, generated by Hippodrome. Can have multiple Patches.

## Patch.java
Stores info for a single patch of a bugfix. Each bugfix has a Patches.java, containing multiple patches.

## PatchOption.java
Stores the "Patch option number" of a Patch.java, to be displayed when choosing between patches.

## Patches.java
Container for multiple Patch.java.

## ResultListEntry.java
Interface for unified access to InferBug and InferBug.BugTrace from the MainToolWindow.

# Parser
Parses files in infer-out/ to save in the Model.

# Run
Runs Infer or Hippodrome, called by the Config classes.

# UI
